*** PLACEHOLDER_HEADER_56__website may send letters using a standard phpmailer function that is integrated into CMS WordPress.{% hint style="warning" %} Free accounts on mail.ru and yandex.ru may not work correctly or at all send letters to recipients. For reliable mail, it is recommended to use paid mail accounts on services such as . . . . . . . . . . . . This should be an existing box within your domain. For example, support@your domain.ru. Otherwise, letters may not be sent or placed in spam. You can create such a mailbox in your server's control panel. * ** The sender's name** is the name of the site on which the letter is sent. If you do not complete this field, letters may not be sent or placed in the spam box. * **E-mail of the administrator** — Mailbox on behalf of the administrator of _ PLACEHOLDER_HEADER_58__ __ PLACEHOLDER_TEMPLATE_47__ It is highly recommended that SMTP be used for sending letters, since without its use the recipient will know your server's IP address, which could lead to DoS/DDOS attacks on his part if the recipient is an intruder.{% endhint %} One such service may be Yandex. Mail or other mail service that provides SMTP. Set the SMTEP for the module: . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . * **SMTP Host** is the address of the server's SMTP. Each mail service has this unique address. For Yandex. Mail address is _PLACEHOLDER_INLINE_CODE_0__, for Mail.ru - _PLACEHOLDER_INLINE_CODE_1__. * **SMTP port** - SMTP server port. Each mail service has its own port. For Yandex. Mail and Mail.ru use port 465. * **SMTP username** is the address of a registered electronic box, e.g. , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,        , , , , , , , , , , , ,     , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,             , , ,   , , , , ,    , , On the page, you will find a form for sending a test letter to check the correct response of the mailbox settings. ♪ It's gonna be a letter to ♪ ♪ A letter to ♪ ♪ a letter to ♪ ♪ a letter to ♪ ♪ a letter to ♪ ♪ to ♪ ♪ to ♪ ♪ to ♪ ♪ to ♪ ♪ to ♪ ♪ to ♪ ♪ to ♪ ♪ to ♪ ♪ to ♪ ♪ to ♪ ♪ to ♪ ♪ to ♪ ♪ to ♪ ♪ to ♪ ♪ to ♪ ♪ to ♪ ♪ to ♪ ♪ to ♪ ♪ to ♪ ♪ to ♪ ♪ to ♪ ♪ to ♪ ♪ to ♪ ♪ to ♪ ♪ to ♪ ♪ to ♪ ♪ to ♪ ♪ to ♪ to ♪ to ♪ to ♪ ♪ to ♪ ♪ ♪ to ♪ ♪ to ♪ ♪ ♪ to ♪ ♪ to ♪ to ♪ ♪ ♪ to ♪ ♪ to ♪ to ♪ to ♪ to ♪ to ♪ to ♪ to ♪ to ♪ ♪ to ♪ to ♪ ♪ to ♪ to ♪ to ♪ to ♪ to ♪ to ♪ to ♪ to ♪ to ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ to ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ to ♪ to ♪ to ♪ to ♪ to ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ * **E-mail from the sender** is the mailbox on whose behalf the mail is being sent. * **The name of the sender** is the name of the website on whose behalf the mail is being sent. **E-mail from the administrator** is the mail address of the administrator to which he wishes to receive the letter. Several addresses can be indicated in a comma. * **text letters** are the text itself. Over the text field you will find a panel with \[sortcodes]. Use them in the letter template to display data from the applications in the mail. If you suspect an incorrect job, go to the section "**E-mail log**" and see what may be the cause of incorrect work. If you have a problem with the delivery of messages and there is no clear reason to do so, it is recommended that the following measures be taken: * Contact your hosting provider and clarify whether it is blocking the dispatch of letters. There may be restrictions on the server (e.g., HOLDER_Link_14__) that prevent the delivery of e-mail. * Change the subject of the letter sent for "New Application" status to a less formal one. Perhaps when sending the letter, the filter on the SMTP server that blocks delivery will be activated. Try using a less formal topic to avoid filtering. If the letters come only to some of the website's users or enter the Spam folder, check the availability of [SPF и/или DKIM записей](https://neuropassenger.ru/dostavlyaemost-pisem/) for your domain and deconfiscate them if necessary.